Add authenticated media (MSC3916) (#1858)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/content_repo.md

{{% boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}
{{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} The unauthenticated download endpoints have been
deprecated in favour of newer, authenticated, ones. This change included updating
the pathing of all media endpoints from `/_matrix/media/*` to `/_matrix/client/{version}/media/*`,
with the exception of the `/upload` and `/create` endpoints. The upload/create
endpoints are expected to undergo a similar transition in a later version of the
specification.
{{% /boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}

#### Matrix Content (`mxc://`) URIs

Content locations are represented as Matrix Content (`mxc://`) URIs. They
look like:

```
mxc://<server-name>/<media-id>

<server-name> : The name of the homeserver where this content originated, e.g. matrix.org
<media-id> : An opaque ID which identifies the content.
```

#### Client behaviour {id="content-repo-client-behaviour"}

Clients can access the content repository using the following endpoints.

{{% boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}
{{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} Clients SHOULD NOT use the deprecated media endpoints
described below. Instead, they SHOULD use the new endpoints which require authentication.
{{% /boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}

> {{% boxes/warning %}}

Author: In my opinion, no. This isn't really normative and the icons are largely temporary.

> {{% boxes/warning %}}

Author: I've included such text anyways, as the IdP text becomes a lot more formal with 'SHOULD' in it.

interacting with the media repository.
{{% /boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}

{{% boxes/added-in-paragraph %}}
{{< changed-in v="1.11" >}} The unauthenticated download endpoints have been

> deprecated in favour of newer, authenticated, ones. This change included updating

Reviewer: Nit, but mixing tenses here: probably just, "This change includes"?. Also... 'pathing'? Is that a word? Maybe just 'paths'?

> deprecated in favour of newer, authenticated, ones. This change included updating
> the pathing of all media endpoints from `/_matrix/media/*` to `/_matrix/client/{version}/media/*`,

Author: ```suggestion
deprecated in favour of newer, authenticated, ones. This change includes updating
the paths of all media endpoints from `/_matrix/media/*` to `/_matrix/client/{version}/media/*`,
```
